MULTIARCH-6267 MTO 1.3.2 release notes (#115221)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-arch-tuning-operator-release-notes-1-3-2.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="multi-arch-tuning-operator-release-notes-1-3-2_{context}"]
= Release notes for the Multiarch Tuning Operator 1.3.2

Issued: 13 July 2026

[id="multi-arch-tuning-operator-1-3-2-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

> * Previously, when deleting a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` with the `execFormatErrorMonitor` plugin enabled, the MTO remained stuck in `Deleting` state because some resources were not deleted. With this update, all relevant resources are removed so that the deletion is successful. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6186[(*MULTIARCH-6186*)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when deleting a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` with the `execFormatErrorMonitor` plugin enabled, the MTO could get stuck in a `Deleting` state because some resources were not deleted. With this update, all relevant resources are removed so that the deletion is successful. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6186[(*MULTIARCH-6186*)]
```

> * Previously, when deleting a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` with the `execFormatErrorMonitor` plugin enabled, the MTO could get stuck in a `Deleting` state because some resources were not deleted. With this update, all relevant resources are removed so that the deletion is successful. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6186[(*MULTIARCH-6186*)]

Reviewer 2: If you have time when you get back, I would just start a small PR to move the parentheses for all these items outside the link text, like so:

```suggestion
* Previously, when deleting a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` with the `execFormatErrorMonitor` plugin enabled, the MTO could get stuck in a `Deleting` state because some resources were not deleted. With this update, all relevant resources are removed so that the deletion is successful. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6186[*MULTIARCH-6186*])
```

> * Previously, a race condition prevented the `execFormatErrorMonitor` from successfully recording `eNoExecEvent` errors when an architecture mismatch was present. With this update, errors are recorded successfully. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6207[(*MULTIARCH-6207*)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, a race condition between the eNoExecEvent daemon and the handler controller caused  ENoExecEvent CR to be rolled back before its status could be set, preventing any exec format errors from being recorded. This update resolves the conflict so events are captured successfully. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6207[(*MULTIARCH-6207*)]
```

> * Previously, when deleting a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` when `PodPlacementConfig` resources still existed, the `PodPlacementConfig` resources were inadvertently deleted. With this update, the `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` deletion is blocked so that existing resources are preserved. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6236[(*MULTIARCH-6236*)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously,  deleting a ClusterPodPlacementConfig could tear down the webhook and operand resources while PodPlacementConfigs still existed, orphaning them without the resources they depend on. The deletion is now properly gated and blocks if any PodPlacementConfigs remain. link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/MULTIARCH-6236[(*MULTIARCH-6236*)]
```
